Acerca del empleo

Who We Are

Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963. Today, we help clients with total transformation-inspiring complex change, enabling organizations to grow, building competitive advantage, and driving bottom-line impact.

To succeed, organizations must blend digital and human capabilities. Our diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and a range of perspectives to spark change. BCG delivers solutions through leading-edge management consulting along with technology and design, corporate and digital ventures—and business purpose. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organization, generating results that allow our clients to thrive.

What You'll Do

As a member of our consulting team, you’ll work alongside some of the world’s top minds on cases that reshape business, government, and society. You’ll collaborate on challenging projects with team members from many backgrounds and disciplines, increasing your understanding of complex business problems from diverse perspectives and developing new skills and experience to help you at every stage of your career—at BCG and beyond.

Consulting work is varied and rigorous, much of it performed at our client sites. Projects can vary in length, size, and location, depending on the client’s challenge. Because our clients operate all over the world, you may travel internationally.

If you are joining us directly from school or with a few years of experience, expect to spend time working across a wide range of clients and projects from helping to devise the integration strategy for a pharmaceutical merger to developing sustainable farming practices in emerging countries.

For more experienced professionals, or as your career advances, you’ll begin to specialize in one or more practice areas, perhaps as part of our expert consulting track for those with deep knowledge and skills in a particular discipline or industry. Every step of the way you will be guided by BCG mentors and world-class learning programs designed to meet your individual needs.

BCG offers a comprehensive benefits program, including medical, dental and vision coverage, telemedicine services, life, accident and disability insurance, parental leave and family planning benefits, caregiving resources, mental health offerings, a generous retirement program, financial guidance, paid time off, and more.

Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under national, provincial, or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws.